com/example/peerchat/ChatFragment.java
 com.example.peerchat.ChatFragment
com/example/peerchat/databinding/FragmentWelcomeBinding.java
 com.example.peerchat.databinding.FragmentWelcomeBinding
com/example/peerchat/databinding/ActivityMessageBinding.java
 com.example.peerchat.databinding.ActivityMessageBinding
com/example/peerchat/MainScreenNavigationInterface.java
 com.example.peerchat.MainScreenNavigationInterface
com/example/peerchat/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.peerchat.ViewPagerAdapter
com/example/peerchat/User.java
 com.example.peerchat.User
com/example/peerchat/Chat.java
 com.example.peerchat.Chat
com/example/peerchat/WifiBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.example.peerchat.WifiBroadcastReceiver
com/example/peerchat/MainScreen.java
 com.example.peerchat.MainScreen
 com.example.peerchat.MainScreen$1
com/example/peerchat/databinding/UserItemBinding.java
 com.example.peerchat.databinding.UserItemBinding
com/example/peerchat/MessageActivity.java
 com.example.peerchat.MessageActivity
 com.example.peerchat.MessageActivity$1
com/example/peerchat/databinding/AvatarSelectBinding.java
 com.example.peerchat.databinding.AvatarSelectBinding
com/example/peerchat/MessageAdapter.java
 com.example.peerchat.MessageAdapter
 com.example.peerchat.MessageAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/peerchat/databinding/FragmentAvatarBinding.java
 com.example.peerchat.databinding.FragmentAvatarBinding
com/example/peerchat/dataHandler/PrefKey.java
 com.example.peerchat.dataHandler.PrefKey
com/example/peerchat/IMGLYEvents.java
 com.example.peerchat.IMGLYEvents
com/example/peerchat/UserAdapter.java
 com.example.peerchat.UserAdapter
 com.example.peerchat.UserAdapter$1
 com.example.peerchat.UserAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/peerchat/UserFragment.java
 com.example.peerchat.UserFragment
 com.example.peerchat.UserFragment$1
 com.example.peerchat.UserFragment$2
com/example/peerchat/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.peerchat.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/peerchat/databinding/ChatItemRightBinding.java
 com.example.peerchat.databinding.ChatItemRightBinding
com/example/peerchat/MainActivity.java
 com.example.peerchat.MainActivity
com/example/peerchat/dataHandler/UserDataManager.java
 com.example.peerchat.dataHandler.UserDataManager
com/example/peerchat/databinding/FragmentChatBinding.java
 com.example.peerchat.databinding.FragmentChatBinding
com/example/peerchat/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.peerchat.BuildConfig
 com.example.peerchat.BuildConfig$IMGLY_PROCESSOR_INIT
com/example/peerchat/events/$EventAccessorMap.java
 com.example.peerchat.events.$EventAccessorMap
com/example/peerchat/ImageEditor.java
 com.example.peerchat.ImageEditor
com/example/peerchat/databinding/ActivityImageEditorBinding.java
 com.example.peerchat.databinding.ActivityImageEditorBinding
com/example/peerchat/databinding/ChatItemLeftBinding.java
 com.example.peerchat.databinding.ChatItemLeftBinding
com/example/peerchat/WelcomeFragment.java
 com.example.peerchat.WelcomeFragment
com/example/peerchat/AvatarFragment.java
 com.example.peerchat.AvatarFragment
com/example/peerchat/databinding/ActivityMainScreenBinding.java
 com.example.peerchat.databinding.ActivityMainScreenBinding
com/example/peerchat/databinding/FragmentUserBinding.java
 com.example.peerchat.databinding.FragmentUserBinding
com/example/peerchat/CurrentUser.java
 com.example.peerchat.CurrentUser
